the Academy Awards take place right
across the street from us at the Dolby
theater here in Hollywood security has
been very tight around here all week did
you have trouble getting in which is
ridiculous because we have six guys
dressed like spider-man out there how
much more security doing according to
the oddsmakers in Las Vegas 12 years of
slave is the favorite to win Best
Picture
Matthew McConaughey is favored to win
Best Actor Cate Blanchett leads Best
Actress hopefuls and apparently I have
no chance to win anything at all because
I'm not in any of the movies it's just
rude right new opinion poll shows that
two-thirds of Americans haven't seen any
of the films nominated for Best Picture
but not from lack of interest it's just
most Americans can no longer fit into
the movie theater seats because so many
people haven't seen the Best Picture
nominees our friend Yaya has been
providing a public service this week
where is Yaya is he out there he's yeah
I'm yeah
by trade but his real passion is waiting
for celebrities and taking pictures with
him he has photos with thousands of
stars yeah who's the most famous person
you have a picture with the tambour one
all of the one number one most famous
person you have a picture away I have a
lot I have shutters Bronson
I have Kane he is a gang he is not the
most famous the number the most famous
the biggest of all the celebrity brought
back to kneel Brad Pitt Leo that's
pretty good he gets them all he's a
movie come on so we asked him to review
some of the movies nominated for Best
Picture this year which movie are you
going to review for us tonight yeah they
have one black and Wyatt with the older
lead in the guys name Bruce Oh Nebraska
one and Nebraska and the other one is
called sleeve okay with the bread bet is
there too no neither one of those are
the other thing at this one
here's Yaya talking about the movie 12
years of slave
action hi is Mariah I'm talking about
the movie here in the Slithe
the dire Penn attack what is that what
does it matter with this guy for good
yeah the guy in this guy I forget his
name
Jenna be equal for something the movie
is full of what slaves you know you
remember the people on time and the King
his freedom the people the movie Lok Lak
story is current long time we bring the
people on the boat in this and the movie
very good and I saw some clip from the
movie I don't say all the movie and I
got picture of this guy to return a
jeweler for and I got Mitchell would
brother too and the movie is very good
it's Blair right now it's gone here here
is slave go watch of the movie and very
good enjoy the movie
okay